it soon became clear that the Nazis had
the secret space program at Eno under
and Nordhaus in the Hannah Boone craft
utilized alternative propulsion systems
such as drill possible back engineered
from recovered crashed flying sources
the interior of an entire Mountain was
to accommodate the secret space facility
which was no less than 1 million square
feet it was here at Normandy in top
secret underground bases but a huge
number of experimental rocket ships and
circular flying disks were developed the
prototype v7 craft was powered by
engines manufactured by being MW the v7
used 12 BMW 0 to 8 divisions which were
powered with the radical fuselage shapes
with the bones which would later lead to
the emergence of stealth aircraft and
the crews Mossad Wernher von Braun and
his team closely studied photographs of
UFOs which had been photographed in
Germany Austria Switzerland and Prussian
these aren't identified flying objects
inspired the development of Nazi flights
after world war ii the underground base
at Nordhausen was rebuilt in the party
desert the place we now need as aliens
we have been given payments leading
German manufacturing including Hoover
crops and BMW which prove beyond all
reasonable doubt that Hitler considered
the Nazi secret space program a top
priority and more than 15 million
Deutschmarks was fed developing craft of
all shapes and sizes secret memos from
SS officers revealed that Verner von
Braun and Hitler both believed that
there were alien civilizations in the
universe
and it was their intention to not only
conquer all nations on planet earth but
to also colonize the moon if the bomb
had been interviewed and Sol
transmitting video bomb stars
Ballantine's and influence your hen
records for Sam told the Sheikh dr.
Heath Mallory Tamir an octave Tablas
built so reverance ESS Lawrence
ah sir
as you can see this is a distinct fact
it's a complex Sun coming show side here
I need several hundred feet this very
steep right actually see that in
addition to
end of World War two the American
government were desperate to get hold of
the Nazi rocket weapons which had
wrought havoc on the innocent people of
Britain the American government launched
Project Paperclip which secretly changed
the war criminal files on Verner von
Braun and his colleagues files which
described these SS officers as an ardent
Nazi were changed to read not unarmed
Nazi Verner von Braun his team and the
rocket Factory at peenemünde er which
had terrorized Western Europe was
transported to the USA lock stock and
barrel
Oh